Lucia is a young girl she's somewhat
rebellious because she does tend to go
out on her own after dark and she meets
with this man she's not supposed to meet
with and she falls in love she goes
against the wishes of her brother and
she actually stands up to him she can't
accept the rain of society of men
controlling her and so she she reacts by
by going crazy with her I don't know
whether the madness is necessarily only
in the kola' datura I find with her the
madness is also in the stillness the
contrast between an expression maybe of
anger that suddenly goes like this and
then this very very stillness
I've done many many productions of lucha
and this is the first time I've had the
pleasure of singing with a glass
harmonica and it's a completely
different experience for me and
certainly for the audience I think as
well it's a very eerie sound I know in
there at the time they believed it this
sound itself would make people lose
their minds just listening to it the
roll is is great fun because there's
nothing like you know losing your mind
in front of 2,000 people it's very
liberating
you